# Wave Generator and Detector
The results of this project are better described in the paper "Development of a Simplified Prototype for Wave Generation Using Arduino" (DOI: 10.20906/CPS/CILAMCE2017-0846)
This project focus in the development of a simplified prototype for wave generation using Arduino.  Small-scale experiments,  such as  Test Tanks,  are widely  used to  predict the behavior  of  an  oil  platform  in  offshore  operating  environments.  They  simulate  the  wave conditions, currents and record the response of the models. These experimental environments are the result of  large  investments  and require large areas for their installation. In virtue  of these characteristics, it is difficult to set up and operate a test tank for academic purposes. In this context, the objective of the present paper is the development of a simplified model of an experimental environment  composed  of a  wave  generator, a  response  pickup sensor  and  an energy  dissipation  mechanism,  using  the  Arduino  electronic  prototyping  platform.  Servo motors are used  for  wave  generation and accelerometers as sensors in the test  environment. All the devices are connected to the micro-controller Arduino. The final result of the project is a  simplified  model  able  to  reproduce  behaviors  of  offshore  environments  for  didactic purposes.  The  system  will  be  used  in  the  Laboratory  of  Platforms  and  Automation  of  the Federal  University  of  Alagoas,  being  able  to  constantly  evolve  and  open  doors  for  new projects
